``nb::ndarray<...>`` implementation refactored (#721)
wjakob/nanobind: docs/api_extra.rst

        implementation uses the ndarray template parameters and C-style order
        as a fallback.

      Both ``strides`` and ``shape`` will be copied by the constructor, hence
      the targets of these pointers don't need to remain valid following the
      constructor call.

      The Python *global interpreter lock* (GIL) must be held when calling this
      function.

   .. cpp:function:: ndarray(VoidPtr data, const std::initializer_list<size_t> shape, handle owner, std::initializer_list<int64_t> strides = { }, dlpack::dtype dtype = nanobind::dtype<Scalar>(), int32_t device_type = DeviceType, int32_t device_id = 0, char order = Order)

      Alternative form of the above constructor, which accepts the ``shape``
      and ``strides`` arguments using a ``std::initializer_list``. It
      automatically infers the value of ``ndim`` based on the size of
      ``shape``.

      Both ``strides`` and ``shape`` will be copied by the constructor, hence
      the targets of these initializer lists don't need to remain valid
      following the constructor call.

      The Python *global interpreter lock* (GIL) must be held when calling this
      function.

>    .. cpp:function:: ndarray(VoidPtr data)

Author: I really like the ``nb::ndarray<...>`` compile-time template interface. One can simply dump some constraints in any order. nanobind will enforce them in bindings, arrange them consistently in docstrings, and use defaults for missing attributes.

The ``nb::ndarray()`` run-time constructor is super-restrictive in comparison. You need to provide parameters in a certain order and can't skip irrelevant ones.  Ideally I would have a *single* template constructor that takes anything and detects what it is given, but this is tricky to fix now because several of these parameters have similar types. (e.g. integers or lists of integers).

>    .. cpp:function:: ndarray(VoidPtr data)

Author: I gave it another attempt in 3f835139e89ae0b3b8caaed3586f54937f36c819. Still not as convenient as I would ideally like it, but this is probably the best that can be done with backward compatibility in mind.

      ``shape()``, ``stride()``, and ``operator()`` following the conventions
      of the `ndarray` type.

   .. cpp:function:: auto cast(rv_policy policy = rv_policy::automatic_reference, handle parent = {})

      The expression ``array.cast(policy, handle)`` is almost equivalent to
      :cpp:func:`nb::cast(array, policy, handle) <cast>`.

      The main difference is that the return type of :cpp:func:`nb::cast
      <cast>` is :cpp:class:`nb::object <object>`, which renders as a rather
      non-descriptive ``object`` in Python bindings. The ``.cast()`` method

>       instead returns a wrapper type, whose signature matches that of the
>       original nd-array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      instead returns a wrapper type that will be rendered in function signatures
      with the type of the original nd-array.
```
I didn't understand at first what it meant for the wrapper type to have a signature
